[For 2.20] Remove IContainerRuntimeOptions.flushmode (#23337)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/cruel-horses-cheat.md

---
"@fluidframework/container-runtime": minor
---
---
"section": legacy
---

IContainerRuntimeOptions.flushMode has been removed

> This option allowed an application specify whether to flush ops "immediately" (literally 1-by-1) or "turn-based"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allowed an application to specify whether to flush ops "immediately" (literally 1-by-1) or "turn-based"
```

> (batched by JS turn).  But `Immediate` mode has been deprecated and should no longer be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(batched by JS turn). `Immediate` mode has been deprecated and should no longer be used.
```

> Now there is only one choice, which is the default `TurnBased` mode.  So we can simply remove this option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now there is only one choice, which is the default `TurnBased` mode, so the `Immediate` mode can be removed. 
```
